Introduction
============

ChmSee is an HTML Help viewer for Unix/Linux.

Homepage: http://code.google.com/p/chmsee

Building
========

From 2.0, ChmSee becomes a xulrunner application. I think this
migration will bring some interesting features and make developing
ChmSee more fun.

In the new version of ChmSee, most of codes use cross-platform
languages: XUL, JavaScript, CSS and DTD. One advantage feature of
these script and markup language is that they do not need to build
before running. But ChmSee still depends on the CHMLIB - a C Lib used
to retrieved book contents from CHM file. In order to call functions
from CHMLIB, a C++ XPCOM component named libxpcomchm.so is introduced,
this module is the only one required to compile.

The source codes of libxpcomchm.so are located in ./src directory. To
successfully compile this XPCOM component, you need to have
xulrunner-sdk 2.0 and chmlib installed.

Then go to the ./src directory, choose one of Makefile.${OS} files and
rename it to Makefile. If there is no proper Makefile.${OS} file for
your system, you can copy and modify Makefile.sample file and set the
INCLUDE and LIB variables according to your building system.

When the Makefile is ready, run `make` in this ./src directory, a
libxpcomchm.so file and its xpt defines will generate to the
components folder.

Running
=======

After building libxpcomchm.so, back to your chmsee directory and input
following command line, it will launch the ChmSee program:

$ xulrunner application.ini

There is another way: copy xulrunner-stub from xulrunner-sdk to chmsee
directory and rename it to chmsee, after that, you can run this chmsee
file to launch the program.

TIP: Omit debug info

$ xulrunner application.ini > /dev/null 2>&1

Report bug
==========

If you encounter any ChmSee problem, please report them to
http://code.google.com/p/chmsee/issues/entry, thanks.

About ChmSee logo
=================

ChmSee logo comes from Open Clip Art Library. The author is AJ Ashton.
http://www.openclipart.org/detail/17922
